# final_project
1. I plan to make a program that executes as a game of Egyptian Ratslap. Egyptian Ratslap is a card game, similar to the initial cards.py Poker program  in terms of it being a card game but the rules are very different. The objective of the game is to collect all the cards and it can be palyed with 2 or more people, but for the sake of not making it too complicated I'm just going to make it a two player game. Cards are placed down by each player and if two cards of the same number value are placed on top of each other, the pile can be slapped and whoever slaps first takes the pile of cards. If a card of a different number value is in between two cards of the same number value, that can also be slapped. Face cards and ace have special functions in the game as well that give more opportunities to collect multiple cards.
2a. One function will be responsible for generating random cards to be placed down onto the pile.
2b. Another function will have to track whether or not cards placed down are of the same value and what to do if they are of the same value.
2c. There will be separate functions for each of the face cards (if a Jack is placed down, the next player has to place one card down and if it's not a face       card, then the player who placed down the Jack takes both cards, if it's a Queen then it's two cards, a King three cards, an Ace four cards). If face          cards are stacked on top of each other, the rotation keeps going until a face card isn't placed down and the last person to place a face card down takes       ALL the cards in the pile.
